implement bio page (#104)
rotationalio/rotational.io: content/en/bio/elysee-bleu.md

---
name: "Elysee Bleu"
slug: "elysee-bleu"
profile: img/team/elysee-bleu.png

> designation : Frontend Engineer

Reviewer: Should it be Front-end here to be consistent with line 14?

field: React.JS Specialist
social :
  - name : "linkedin"
    link: 'https://www.linkedin.com/in/elys%C3%A9e-bleu-00078a172/'
    icon: 'fa-linkedin-in'
  - name : "github"
    link: 'https://github.com/elysee15'
    icon: 'fa-github'

> bio : "Elysee Bleu is a Junior front-end developer with over 2 years of experiences. He also has some knowledges and experiences in back-end development. As a front-end developer, his job is to create user interfaces and maintain the client side web applications. In his spare time, he loves reading, watch movies and take time with his family and friends."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bio : "Elysee Bleu is a Junior front-end developer with over 2 years of experience. He also has some knowledge and experience in back-end development. As a front-end developer, his job is to create user interfaces and maintain the client side web applications. In his spare time, he loves reading, watching movies and spending time with his family and friends."
```
